(The morning of 'Sweet Crazy Love' MV shootig day)
(Choerry is getting her hair done!)
#NowPlaying "LOOΠΔ / ODD EYE CIRCLE - Sweet Crazy Love"
(And Kim Lip and Choerry is ready to take a selfie!)
JinSoul: Well, we're...
Kim Lip: I'm non telling you!
(What...?)
JinSoul: (Telling you!) We're absorbed in taking selfies while wait for Choerry!
JinSoul: It's fun!
(It should be fun because you two are pretty...)
JinSoul: Selfies... don't you want to see it?
JinSoul: Let me show you!
Kim Lip: Oh, it's so beautiful!
(JinSoul, show your selfie!)
JinSoul: The best selfie I've ever taken!
JinSoul: It's my future me
(OEC is moving to the MV shooting site after a long preparation!)
Kim Lip: Now we're about to go to the shooting site!
KIm Lip: Choerry will start shooting as the first runner!
Kim Lip: And second, JinSoul will shoot her scene after Choerry's.
Kim Lip: Lastly, I will start MV shooting around midnight!
(Waiting for a turn might be tougher than shooting a scene...)
Kim Lip: It's 7 in the morning!
(LOOΠΔ TV for OEC's 'Sweet Crazy Love' MV, let's START!)
Choerry: Well, we should get going now!
All: See you~